[doc] `debug` does not work with buildpack builder and maybe custom builder images too (#3204)
GoogleContainerTools/skaffold: docs/content/en/docs/workflows/debug.md

`skaffold debug` has some limitations.

> ### Entrypoints using Launchers or Scripts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Unsupported container entrypoints
```
maybe?

> ### Entrypoints using Launchers or Scripts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Unsupported container entrypoints
```
maybe? and then we can link to this from the other doc

`skaffold debug` requires being able to examine and alter the

> command-line used to launch a program, and as such will not work

Reviewer: ```suggestion
command-line used in the container entrypoint. This transformation will not work
```

> with images that use intermediate an launch scripts or binaries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
with images that use intermediate launch scripts or binaries.
```
